Import SQL UDFs (#527)
SimpleDataLabsInc/prophecy-docs: docs/Spark/functions/user-defined-functions.md

````

## Import UDFs

> SQL UDFs stored in Databricks Unity Catalog can be imported to Python projects and re-used within any Gem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SQL UDFs stored in Databricks Unity Catalog can be imported to Python projects and reused within any Gem.
```

### How to Import UDFs

1. From a Python Project, attach to a Databricks Spark cluster using a Fabric. Be sure the Fabric credentials allow access to the Databricks Catalog containing the desired SQL function(s).

> 2. Open the Environment tab, select the appropriate Catalog and Schema. The list of SQL functions appears in the Environment tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Open the Environment tab, and select the appropriate Catalog and Schema. The list of SQL functions appears in the Environment tab.
```
